Update package READMEs as part of the release process (#1683)
modelcontextprotocol/csharp-sdk: README.md

## Packages

The SDK packages are:

- **[ModelContextProtocol.Core](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Core)** [![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ModelContextProtocol.Core.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Core) - For projects that only need to use the client or low-level server APIs and want the minimum number of dependencies.

- **[ModelContextProtocol](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol)** [![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ModelContextProtocol.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol) - The main package with hosting and dependency injection extensions. References `ModelContextProtocol.Core`. This is the right fit for most projects that don't need HTTP server capabilities.

- **[ModelContextProtocol.AspNetCore](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.AspNetCore)** [![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ModelContextProtocol.AspNetCore.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.AspNetCore) - The library for HTTP-based MCP servers. References `ModelContextProtocol`.

> - **[ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps)** [![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps) - MCP Apps extension for the .NET Model Context Protocol (MCP) SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps)** [![NuGet version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol.Extensions.Apps) - MCP Apps extension for building interactive UI applications that render inside MCP hosts.
```
